Third brother is dead
Everything is too late
Everything
Human, do you want to live?
think
I want to avenge my third brother
You want revenge?
Let's go and die
I can give you strength
But we are demons
No.
If you are beaten by the third brother
He will never agree
That's a shame, little guy
You could have done whatever you wanted
Of course I want to do
Wait a minute.
I promise you.
Oh.
But we are demons
I don't care if you are a human or a demon
As long as you can help me solve the curse of the world's bloodline
I left.
Buried my third brother in the north
Sister, why did you hit him?
He seems to be Ye Xuan's brother's younger brother
That's why I beat him up
He doesn't look like a good person
Ye Xuan
Macy, why are you here?
It's a long story, by the way.
I saw a guy over there pass out
Why don't you go and have a look first?
Ah!
here
Here, here.
Here it is.
here
Who hit Yue? I am his third brother.
third brother
Why are you here?
manager
Bai Xin
This is my brother's night
This is your third sister-in-law
Hello
Third sister-in-law
How could he be the third sister-in-law?